Remove HTMLAttrxRef macro, part 1 (#25258)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/input/reset/index.md

{{EmbedLiveSample("Adding_a_reset_keyboard_shortcut", 650, 100)}}

The problem with the above example is that there's no way for the user to know what the access key is! This is especially true since the modifiers are typically non-standard to avoid conflicts. When building a site, be sure to provide this information in a way that doesn't interfere with the site design (for example by providing an easily accessible link that points to information on what the site access keys are). Adding a tooltip to the button (using the [`title`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes#title) attribute) can also help, although it's not a complete solution for accessibility purposes.

### Disabling and enabling a reset button

> To disable a reset button, specify the [`disabled`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes#disabled) global attribute on it, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable a reset button, specify the [`disabled`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#disabled) attribute on it, like so:
```
